that's the broadcast while our next two
guests are part of a beauty Empire and
we are so excited to hear all about
their upcoming new products welcome
Olivia and Alex shun Takei I love your
name the name of this brand and Alex you
were here last time with us with your
mom so this really is a family business
and a family line but you have just the
most beautiful product thank you and
this is this is your new spring colors
yes we're really excited to be here
thank you so we're here for the launch
of our new spring color collection and
also a new skin care cream which we're
very excited about this is our new cream
which is a rose to make cream which is
infused with our really rare and unique
Rose which is grow in the South of
France and it's a beautiful cream
because it gives you a boost of moisture
it gives you brightens your skin
purifies and it really fights wrinkles
it's loaded with flowers so it's perfect
for the season because it's like a
bouquet of flowers in a jar and this is
sort of like you think that your line is
kind of your skincare line is based upon
this this rose petal right exactly yes
which is in this rose water which is
when we launched the skincare line which
is wonderful so it has wild pansy
extract which really gives you the
moisture it has the sweet pea stem cells
which is unique to Sean Takai which
helps your skin to recycle the waste
into energy which is fantastic force
it's kind of like a new trend in
skincare is the plant stem cells so very
exciting something like definitely
cutting edge with this exactly it's
using the latest in technology to bring
the best of nature to your skin which
makes it more effective and better for
you because it's more gentle with your
skin I love it Shanta Chi has been at
the forefront of using plant stem cell
technology who her mom is so inspiring
she loves not only nature but science
and reads a ton and so she's always sort
of grouping us even science newspapers
and like we have to use the same reading
this is amazing you know the other thing
that you do at your company too which i
think is just such a beautiful thing to
do is you really give back and your
mom's a big supporter as are the two of
you so this new color line has the bees
now the last line that we saw had the
horses and you were giving some of the
proceeds to a foundation that helped win
society
what are you doing this time this is
exciting because it's partnering with so
that was the land now we're going to the
air and it's the honey bees which is in
particular supporting Xerces an amazing
foundation which helps with information
and improving the health of these really
important pollinators all of the
blueberries and the Very's that we love
almonds a lot of the trees that flower
and blossom require honeybees to
pollinate them but we've lost up to
forty five percent of them in the last
year so this is drastic what they're
calling colony collapse disorder and
it's really a problem because we are
depending on them for our food one in
every three bites that humans eat is
actually indirectly or directly affected
by a honeybee so if we lose them we're
going to lose a lot of diversity their
major part of the ecosystem and so this
is so important how did you choose the
colors so obviously the charity has a
big impact on the colors that I choose
to create for the season but then I also
keep an eye on fashion because I feel
like when a woman is updating her
wardrobe for the season she's gonna be
looking at her clothes and she wants the
makeup to complement it right yeah so I
wanted to create something that really
worked with the fashion trends we saw a
lot of pastels and florals and beautiful
prints in these gorgeous blues and warm
honey colors and that were so well with
the bees and the environment of the bees
so we have this beautiful palette which
is three eyeshadows and a cheek color
and you have this gorgeous honey color
oh I love using this by the way not just
on the highlighter but on your cheekbone
mm-hmm you can get a really warm I love
about the palette too is I'm a new mom
so I don't have a lot of time and do my
makeup in the morning and sometimes they
even have my baby on one arm so I need
to be able to do it with one hand
so I'll take a brush and sweep this
color on my lid and then I'll take the
Beehive and work it into the corner from
the outside in which gives it a much
better just sort of emphasis around the
eye and you have your model here that we
can show this beautiful look on her eyes
and so cool so she's got the darker
color in the crease I I was saying I
would even use the pink with my skin
tone I would even use that on the lid
too just for a different icon it's
really easy to wear and we're all
wearing it actually which shows you how
it can be it's beautiful and then
quickly also the liner is this beautiful
like charvak Thunder cloud gray that
gives a really nice but soft diffuse
definition around the lash line it's a
24 waterproof eyeliner that allows you
to have really great control and
definition
it'll stay if you still have ABS hours
for example you're okay you're making it
as an alternative to black because black
I feel sometimes looks so harsh and then
quickly forgot colors and it connects
back to the pollinating aspect so it's
Wild Rose and Primrose a really pretty
soft lemonade pink for more of a blonde
and then this beautiful Wild Rose which
is more of a sheer fuchsia that looks
really great in this hybrid formula of a
lip gloss finish but ahold of a lipstick
so whereas women making part for women
Row was thinking about the convenience
much like Olivia the multi-functioning
moms and it is important for it all to
be easy and and look natural and that's
what I really really appreciate about
your line okay you can pick up some rose
to my cream for yourself and meet Olivia
and Alex today at 2 p.m. at Neiman
Marcus at Northpark and this is my
favorite part of this segment for one of
you lucky viewers out there you can call
in right now to win a jar of this
beautiful cream just be caller number
five at eight hundred nine nine four one
five four seven and you'll win this
beautiful cream which retails for 210
210 yeah and worth every penny of it but
someone's gonna get it for free